2016-10-25        Yu-Jie Lin       Public Domain | UNLICENSE        ----------


                            BACK TO THE PLAIN.TXT


Roughly six months ago, I ended my affair with blogging that lasted for more 
than a decade. I might not be missing blogging, but I did feel a certain 
degree of emptiness.

So here you should be reading this in plain text, but why?

The Internet -- especially the modern day HTML and its associates, such as CSS 
and JavaScript -- has been ridiculously weaved into a complicated web. The web 
browsers, their sole purpose was to render the information that visitor seeks 
for, now has become an over-stuffed snuggies, which I hesitate to cuddle with, 
because they look monstrous rather than cute and adorable.

Even I tried to keep my own blog clean with attempts to strip down, but in the 
end, it's still too much. The layout, the design, and so on; each has dots 
linking to other things. I was supposed to write a blog, not writing a 
website. Perhaps, it's just that I couldn't design a theme is simple enough on 
a complex foundation.

The content is what I want to write and what readers want to read, that's all 
what a blog really needs, the written words.

Unable to resolve, blogging ceased.

                                  * * * * *

An open source project called "bucklespring" that triggered me to bring up 
typewriter in a conversation with someone. Never owned a typewriter, but I've 
always been fascinated by the pages produced with those intriguing machines.  
The hard press, the white sheet, and the flow of letters into a piece of work.

In a way, I know that's how I want my blog to look like; from another 
perspective, that's plain text.

Blog, what is it, really? Do I have to use HTML? Unfortunately, I would say 
the answer leans towards a yes.

Nevertheless, I decided to go back to the plain text and that's why this place 
is called "w.txt," where 'w' is short for writings and since all the entries 
would be written in plain text format, by the convention, hence the ".txt" 
extension. w.txt means my writings in plain text.

Frankly, I do not know how this would fare, but I know I won't be writing on a 
blog, I will be writing.txt.

                                  * * * * *

Going back? That sounds as if I've written something in plain text, but the 
truth is I don't really remember if I have actually written in plain text 
format. Nonetheless, I'm doing it, I'm writing it.

I don't want to set up any writing style, I'd just go as I write, it could be 
a mess, but we shall see.
